This is a sample code that show a Spark and Kafka integration.
You've learned how to create a simple producer in Kafka in previous course,
so I will not be covering those and I will only be
covering the integration part in Spark application.
Let's take a look at the code.
Here, we have a Spark variable that we are going to
imply that this was already done built using SparkSession.builder.
This reads as a Kafka format,
and like we previously talked about in the concept,
this requires Kafka bootstrap servers
which we'll be using as localhost and a port number,
and we're going to subscribe to a topic and we're just going to call
it anything that you called in your producer.
We have here a startingOffset as earliest,
and then we have maxRatePerPartition.
This is a new property that I'm introducing now and it
sets the max number of messages per partition per batch.
So you'll have to know how many
partitions and how many batches you're going to be creating.
Here is the maxOffsetsPerTrigger,
and this loads this DataFrame.
When you write our df.printSchema,
this will give you these seven fields here.
The first will be key, value, topic,
partition, offset, timestamp, and timestampType.
What really need is the content will be stored in this value,
but since it's a binary format what we're
doing is we're going to cast it as a string here.
We're going to create a JSON Schema.
I think the data that's coming in it has a status and a timestamp.
When you look at the here,
on the incoming data,
we're applying the JSON Schema on top of this value column that we cast it as a string,
and then we are calling it as a JSON topics.
We're giving an alias to that.
We're selecting all the all the columns that are coming into this JSON_Topics.
Finally, we're going to write a query.
We're going to write it out to the console and this start will actually start to query,
and this query.awaitTermination will exhaust
the data that's coming in from Kafka depending on how much you have it.
Start playing around with this console output and try to take
a look at progress report and see
what data you're getting for a quick debugging purposes.
Then start doing more operations like join or aggregations on your streaming dataset.
To be successful in your project,
I want you to pay attention in how to debug through
a console so you can set up right configurations.